                              libabc 4
                   (Library for something with abc)

                Written by Someone <someone@example.com>

  This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

  Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
  distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
  binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
  means.

  In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
  of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
  software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
  of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
  successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
  relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
  software under copyright law.

  Unless you really want to, do not even mention that the copied content
  originates from this skeleton library. Its sole purpose is to be copied
  into other projects.

  The above statements apply to all content in this skeleton library, even
  when the LICENSE files, or the headers in the files state otherwise,
  they are just common examples.

DESCRIPTION

  This package serves as a template for building libraries in C, intended
  for distribution on POSIX operating systems. See the THANKS section
  below for major sources of inspiration.

REQUIREMENTS

  Everything requires a C compiler to build and expects an ISO C89 or
  later C compiler and libraries.

  To bootstrap from a Git checkout, or if you change the Automake files
  and need to regenerate Makefile.in, you will need Automake 1.11 or
  later.  For bootstrap or if you change configure.ac or any of the m4
  files it includes and need to regenerate configure or config.h.in, you
  will need Autoconf 2.60 or later.

BUILDING

  You can build libabc with:

      ./configure
      make

  Pass --enable-logging to configure to enable logging functionality.

  Pass --enable-debug to configure to enable debug messages.

TESTING

  libabc comes with a test suite, which you can run after building with:

      make check

USING THIS CODE

  While there is an install target, it's present only because Automake
  provides it automatically.  Its use is not recommended.  Instead, the
  code in this package is intended to be copied into your package and
  serves only as a template.

HOMEPAGE AND SOURCE REPOSITORY

  The libabc web page is at:

      http://github.com/bitbckt/libabc

  libabc is maintained using Git.  You can access the current source
  by cloning the repository at:

      git://github.com/bitbckt/libabc.git

  or view the repository via the web at:

      http://github.com/bitbckt/libabc.

  Please send any bug reports, patches, or questions to someone@exmaple.com.

THANKS

  Many programmers keep similar template projects, but there are two which
  specifically inspired this one:

  libabc (http://0pointer.de/blog/projects/libabc.html)

    The original code for this project was shamelessly ripped from here.

  Russ Albery's Coding Style (http://www.eyrie.org/~eagle/notes/style/)

    Russ' documentation style and Autotools suggestions are present here.
